Update README.md (#3995)
realm/SwiftLint: README.md

Rule inclusion:

* `disabled_rules`: Disable rules from the default enabled set.

> * `opt_in_rules`: Enable rules, not from the default setting.

Reviewer: I'd like
```suggestion
* `opt_in_rules`: Enable rules that are not part of the default set.
```
more. What do you think?

If one (or more) SwiftLint file(s) are explicitly specified via the `--config` parameter,
that configuration will be treated as an override, no matter whether there exist
other `.swiftlint.yml` files somewhere within the directory. **So if you want to use

>  nested configurations, you can't use the `-- config` parameter.**

Reviewer: Could you also remove the space in the option:
```suggestion
 nested configurations, you can't use the `--config` parameter.**
```
